Maturation of getting started guide on web (#662)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/web/v4/getting-started/map.md

</body>
```

> > Remember to add your API keys. You can use the demo MapsIndoors API key showing "The White House": 79f8e7daff76489dace4f9f9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Remember to add your API keys. You can use the demo MapsIndoors API key showing "The White House": `79f8e7daff76489dace4f9f9`
```

> > Remember to add your API keys. You can use the demo MapsIndoors API key showing "The White House": `79f8e7daff76489dace4f9f9`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Remember to add your API keys. You can use the demo MapsIndoors API key showing "The White House": `{{sdk.tutorialAPIKey}}`
```

Author: Variable used 👍
